//GNU General Public License v3.0
//The Gallows - Version 1.0 - December 31st, 2019 - DBT
//More Additions to come in due time.

<p>Now the idea of "The Gallows" all takes place when I was young. I always enjoyed playing simple games as a child. Simple games like what you'd find in the 2600. I've always loved MS-Dos and TUI environments. Anyone can make a Hangman type of game, but no one can really add an interesting storyline to it. I always had a fascination with the types of games that required thinking with little to no graphics. I'm the sorta guy who believes graphics don't matter and the only graphics card that matters is your brain. I'm a product of another time, born during a time seen as advanced beyond the said time I am actually from. By that I mean I was playing 2600 like a maniac when the SNES hit the scene and everyone thought I was strange for doing so like I didn't follow the herd. 

<p>I honestly love the idea of  Hangman, it's a great educational tool to help those improve their vocabulary. Now I know I sound like I'm completely off the rails at this point, like why would someone such as myself put so much work and time into a variation of a Hangman game? Well, that's because I just love the complex process behind it all. Though on the surface it's a basic guessing game. But underneath its many layers of until you get to the winning guess. Though the most common letters used in a standard game of Hangman are ">e-t-a-o-i-n-s-h-r-d-l-u<". Which in many of my short videos you'll see me use a combination. Though, I mostly fail that's because I have a word bank of just over 460,000 words. Though I am currently working on other word banks for many other subjects. Like for holidays and historical figures and all that fun stuff. This can also be used as a teaching tool in learning how to create a TUI program or tell help pass the time on those cold winter nights.
